Yes
so sea lunch death she so in
anyway believed the character of one
famous movie and realized in
what is right judge for yourself the events
the first yakuza had to deliver
Japanese motives are now grouped into
the brink of extinction
but
counted once
a year after it started
bloodshed
and the body is full of strength again this is expensive if
alanya to fight
yes yes we did not speak
instead of collectively overcoming
the effects of the crisis heads of various
Clans many think as if polchchee
fruit 500 each other's throats
true without provocation edition matter seems
no cost
someone obviously wants to set off a local
godfathers and at the same time get rid
with capsule
the main character of the first series
Kazuma tried to start a new life
without massacre and similar manifestations
violence
however, these plans seem to come true
not destined anyway
however disassembly disassembly
and the plot of the yakuza 2 is not at all as obvious as
may seem at first glance
next collision
interests
in reality it turns out to be strong
tightly tied to the long tragedy
which you still have to unravel
proper investigation
mechanics will be not much different from
past adventures of kazum by urban
the streets
watching the movements
third person protagonist
you slowly get from knowing
people required information
as a rule, communicate with one informant
makes you go searching
next and so on the chain
unfortunately, not everyone is ready to share
valuable information voluntarily
moreover even on busy urban
the streets
there is always a pair of three Kostolomov
who imagines himself to be masters
hand-to-hand combat
understand what we tend to
fool them
and the closer to the final the more aggressive
becoming opponents and those
more attention will have to be paid
another brawl
combat system and year 2 lets you not
only kill enemies with your hands and feet
tying punches to short powerful kombat
You can also use
a variety of special techniques working
fact
in a set on dependence of commands
or a couple of tenants how heavy
the subject
which by the way will markedly increase your
chances of winning
some characters
also ready to fight on your side
and this in turn opens up
new opportunities for joint
combo of a kind of reference times so
which is not able to withstand more than one
span
Well, if you are tired of the track and development
storyline want
temporarily set aside
yakuza 2 provided
fair amount of non-burdensome
mini games that will surely help
to diversify stay
virtual underworld
the truth is not worth it to suspect
project implementation place
what would you not think to do early or
late take you on the rails of the story
because dear tax is provided
only one
Russian mission
earlier
Lviv Mayor Andrei Garden
four
Euro
4 pages
I know
but
I think
whether to spend annually